# AirBNB-analysis-pratheektm
The main objective of this project is to analyse the Airbnb data of New York form the year 2019. The analysis has been done by performing various operations on the data. The analysis starts from handling impurities in the data and goes all the way till answering some possible real world questions.
Initially the dataset has been undergone several operations to provide a thorough understanding of different aspects like, amount and dimensions of the dataset provided, types and distributions of various columns, relationships between different pair of columns and so on.
Next, impurities in any of the columns have been handled using zero imputation. Abnormalities in the dataset have been handled by segregating the dataset into a major set and a minor set. Some data-types have been altered as per the conventions of the analysis. New columns have been added for performing more analyses based on the correlation between two columns.
Starting with Exploratory Data Analysis, some univariate, bivariate and multivariate analyses have been performed.  Most of the basic and essential problems have been answered using these analyses. Visualization tools have been used for all the above analyses for providing a better understanding.
Further, some of the seemingly necessary cases have been hypothesized under ‘Hypothesis Evaluation’ section, and the conclusions have been provided for these hypotheses using statistical tests.
At last, some of the possible real world problems related to this business have been answered in ‘Custom Question’ section.
